Ported the gdb backtrace from NAV2 (#4190)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/How-To-Guides.rst

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

>    How-To-Guides/Get-Backtrace-in-ROS-2

Reviewer: Let's rename this file to be consistent with the title.  Something like:

```suggestion
   How-To-Guides/Getting-Backtraces-in-ROS-2
```
